# Final_AED_Project
Imperial Overseas Consultancy


We are Imperial. Your one-stop-shop to study abroad. We don't just advise, we make sure we chase your dreams.

With a 360-degree approach, catering to every aspect of your study abroad journey, Imperial as a study abroad consultant, ensures that you receive end-to-end assistance. At Imperial , our overseas education counsellors foremost endeavour is to make your profile stand out by presenting it in the most optimal way, to help you secure admits from top-notch institutions across the globe. We highlight your strengths and address any weaknesses or shortcomings in your academic background, work experience or extracurricular activities.
Our Application broadly consist of Four Enterprises which covers Counselling, Coaching, Visa and Loan which mainly contains Six Organizations starting with Counselling Organization , University Admission , Coaching , Visa and Loan .
A decision to study abroad is often accompanied by the anxiety of tackling the overwhelming and intimidating application process. With step-by-step guidance offered by study abroad counselling, Imperial makes sure you are able to submit your application form appropriately and present a stellar profile through a stand-out statement of purpose, of carefully structured resume, and so on.  We have an Admission Panel where we’ll suggest our students the Universities With specialized teams of education counsellors for each aspect of your application journey, they will help the students in finalizing the universities   Imperial education counsellor ensures you receive customized and personalized attention at every stage. There is a DocumentJPanel where students can find the reference for the documents which are required by particular countries Our highly qualified study abroad counsellors will assist you in presenting your SOP, and Resume in a unique way to make sure you can separate yourself from thousands of applicants before the admissions committee.
Furthermore, Imperial  coaching services are geared towards ensuring you are effectively prepared to crack the requisite tests, including GRE, GMAT, TOEFL and  IELTS Each university has its minimum score requirement, which makes test preparation a crucial stage for students planning to study abroad. With comprehensive test preparation packages, exhaustive resources, experienced faculty and career counsellors in Mumbai, Imperial  offers you complete assistance to secure stellar scores on your tests.
Additionally, Imperial provides you with value-added services like visa and financial counselling, education loan assistance, forex services, and a complete pre-departure service package that includes ticketing, We boast of a 99.9% visa success rate and help our students tackle the visa interview process through grilling mock interviews. Our education loan officers help students acquire the best deals on their education loans from competitive loan vendors in a hassle-free manner. 
Begin your study abroad journey with the best online career guidance from industry experts today! Connect with Imperial  online career counselling, admission counselling and other niched study abroad services to accelerate your study abroad dreams and become a part of our accomplished network of students with flourishing collegiate and career trajectories abroad.
